BR, TiCDC: update br, cdc's docs and FAQ (#5045)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/troubleshoot-ticdc.md

    cdc cli changefeed resume -c test-cf --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379
    ```

## The `[tikv:9006]GC life time is shorter than transaction duration, transaction starts at xx, GC safe point is yy` error is reported when I use TiCDC to create a changefeed

Solution: You need to execute the `pd-ctl service-gc-safepoint --pd <pd-addrs>` command to query the current GC safepoint and service GC safepoint. If the GC safepoint is smaller than the `start-ts` of the TiCDC replication task (changefeed), you can directly add the `--disable-gc-check` option to the `cdc cli create changefeed` command to create a changefeed.

If the result of `pd-ctl service-gc-safepoint --pd <pd-addrs>` does not have `gc_worker service_id`:

- If your PD version is v4.0.8 or earlier, refer to [PD issue #3128](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/3128) for details.
- If your PD is upgraded from v4.0.8 or an earlier version to a later version, refer to [PD issue #3366](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/3366) for details.

> - For other situations, report the execution result of the above command to [AskTUG](https://asktug.com/tags/ticdc).

Reviewer: @lichunzhu Any alternative to AskTUG is English version? AskTuG is only for Chinese.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For other situations, report the execution result of the above command to [Slack](https://slack.tidb.io/invite?team=tidb-community&channel=sig-migrate&ref=pingcap-community)
```

## When using TiCDC to create a replication task, set the `enable-old-value` to `true`, the upstream `INSERT`/`UPDATE` statement becomes `REPLACE INTO` after being replicated to the downstream by TiCDC

TiCDC defaults to specifying the `safe-mode` to `true` when creating a changefeed, thereby generating `REPLACE INTO` execution statements for the upstream `INSERT`/`UPDATE` statements.

Currently, users can not modify the `safe-mode` setting, thus this issue has no solution.

## When using TiCDC to replicate messages to Kafka, Kafka returns the `Message was too large` error

> For TiCDC v4.0.8 or earlier versions, only configuring the `max-message-bytes` for Kafka in the Sink URI does not effectively control the size of the message output to Kafka. To increase the byte limit of Kafka receiving messages, you need to add the following configuration to the Kafka server configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For TiCDC v4.0.8 or earlier versions, you cannot effectively control the size of the message output to Kafka only by configuring the `max-message-bytes` setting for Kafka in the Sink URI. To control the message size, you also need to increase the limit on the bytes of messages to be received by Kafka. To add such a limit, add the following configuration to the Kafka server configuration.
```

```

> # The maximum bytes number of a message that the broker receives
> message.max.bytes=2147483648
> # The maximum bytes number of a message that the broker copies
> replica.fetch.max.bytes=2147483648
> # The maximum message bytes number that the consumer side reads
> fetch.message.max.bytes=2147483648

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The maximum byte number of a message that the broker receives
message.max.bytes=2147483648
# The maximum byte number of a message that the broker copies
replica.fetch.max.bytes=2147483648
# The maximum message byte number that the consumer side reads
fetch.message.max.bytes=2147483648
```

    cdc cli changefeed resume -c test-cf --pd=http://10.0.10.25:2379
    ```

## The `[tikv:9006]GC life time is shorter than transaction duration, transaction starts at xx, GC safe point is yy` error is reported when I use TiCDC to create a changefeed

Solution: You need to execute the `pd-ctl service-gc-safepoint --pd <pd-addrs>` command to query the current GC safepoint and service GC safepoint. If the GC safepoint is smaller than the `start-ts` of the TiCDC replication task (changefeed), you can directly add the `--disable-gc-check` option to the `cdc cli create changefeed` command to create a changefeed.

If the result of `pd-ctl service-gc-safepoint --pd <pd-addrs>` does not have `gc_worker service_id`:

- If your PD version is v4.0.8 or earlier, refer to [PD issue #3128](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/3128) for details.
- If your PD is upgraded from v4.0.8 or an earlier version to a later version, refer to [PD issue #3366](https://github.com/tikv/pd/issues/3366) for details.

> - For other situations, report the execution result of the above command to [Slack](https://slack.tidb.io/invite?team=tidb-community&channel=sig-migrate&ref=pingcap-community)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For other situations, report the execution result of the above command to our [Slack channel](https://slack.tidb.io/invite?team=tidb-community&channel=sig-migrate&ref=pingcap-community).
```
